Before we get ready to implement our lambda functions.
Let's take a look at what we're going to need throughout the course so that we can successfully follow
along and you can do as I say to create your own functions.
So when this occurs first and foremost is A W-S account so you don't need an AWOS account.
And if you don't just don't worry about it.
AWOS has a free tier available for like up to 1 year.
And within this one year period you can definitely use lambda functions until a certain period of time
and that is about a 1 million request per month.
So that is a huge number and you can definitely want to check this out.
And you just want to create an AWOS account and I highly encourage you to do that to create an account
and I'll be showing you how to do that in the following lectures.
So just bear with me and I'll explain you everything.
It is not a precondition or not necessary but it is nice to know what a W is lammed those two are from
A W-S.
So as I said AWOS lambda is the surrealist application framework from AWOS.
You can just upload your code you can get the proper permissions and there you go.
That's all you have to do to have a working application on a W-S.
You can just execute your functions depending on events or you can just trigger them by your hand or
by an event.
That's basically how AWOS lambda functions work and you can integrate AWOS lambda with most of the AWOS
services.
Don't worry about it I'll explain you everything you need to know about AWOS lambda and how you can
make use of it using Python and both three and apart from that I'm expecting you to have a basic knowledge
of python and apart from basic If your experience with it.
That's just great because what we're willing to do is going to involve some Python understanding and
Python data structures.
It is not necessary to know everything about Python not even an intermediate level but it is nice if
you have a basic understanding of the language.
And of course to work with Python we're going to need a python ID that's going to help us to Intellisense
and that's going to help us to complete our functions and we're going to highlight our syntax within
ID so idea is important.
And for that case I'm recommending you to get Pi charme ID from Jet brains and the best part of jet
brains the best part of Pi charm ID is it has a free community edition that you can get to install without
a charge.
So if you don't have enough funding for that purpose you can just go and get the free community edition
of Pi charme ID.
So this is basically all you need to have to be successful in the scores and to set up our environment
and follow along with creating our AWOS account.
I'll be seeing you on the next section.